<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">
    <h:body> 
    	<ui:composition template="./commonLayout.xhtml"> 
            <ui:define name="content">
                    <h2>
                        About
                    </h2>
                    <p>                       
                       Q.Bank has a 150 year history in South Africa and started building a franchise in the Rest of Africa in the early 1990s. We currently operate in 18 countries on the African continent, including South Africa, as well as in other selected emerging markets.
                       Our strategy is to build the leading African financial services organisation using all our competitive advantages to the full. We will focus on delivering superior sustainable shareholder value by serving the needs of our customers through first-class, on-the-ground, operations in chosen countries in Africa. We will also connect other selected emerging markets to Africa and to each other, applying our sector expertise, particularly in natural resources, globally. Our key differentiator is people who are passionate about our strategy wherever in the world they are based.
                       We organise ourselves as three business units but present ourselves as one. Our three main pillars of business are Personal and Business Banking, Corporate and Investment Banking, and Wealth – Liberty.
                       Q.Bank Group is listed on the JSE Limited, share code SBK, and the Namibian Stock Exchange, share code SNB. Normalised headline earnings for 2012 were R15 billion ($1.8 billion), total assets were over R1 557 billion (approximately $184 billion) and we employed approximately 49 000 people (including Liberty) across all geographies. Q.Bank’s market capitalisation at 31 December 2012 was R191 billion (approximately $23 billion). Q.Bank has 1 248 branches, including loan centres, and 8 464 ATMs.
                    </p>
            </ui:define>		
    	</ui:composition>
    </h:body>
</html>

